README.md, before:

# webgl-dungeon

### How to
- `npm run build`
- `npm run start`
- navigate to `localhost:8080`

Current default controls are WASD + Arrow keys.
Press Space to raise the camera.
Press Left Shift to lower the camera.


### What is this I just found it here
- I am [VERY SLOWLY] working on a 3D dungeon crawler that uses WebGL to draw simple mazes where you battle monsters and stuff.

- I started working on this in early November 2016 while I was on vacation and I knew I wanted to port my dungeon crawler code from C++ / DirectX over to webGL because javascript is pretty cool and the web is a pretty interesting platform. I tend to pick this up every couple of months when I think it could use some new features or cleaning up. It should be suitable for a very barebones webGL demo.

## Codebase
- Javascript, using node a lot
- Webpack is used to build
- WebGL works in newer and decent modern browsers like chrome and firefox. Edge maybe in the future.
- I started using the example [here](http://www.sw-engineering-candies.com/snippets/webgl/hello-world) but there was a ton I needed to change to even get started. Maybe I'll just fork off my code once the tutorial is completely redone, so that people can use it to start, but I think giving the project as a whole might end up being a bit more useful :P
- This started out really crappy but is getting better.


## Disclaimer??
- I don't know, this code is stuff I wrote and at this point there's nothing to really steal, copy, etc.
- Use at your own risk. Whatever, there's nothing here yet.

Commit message:

got this working again. happy birthday to me

README.md, after:

# webgl-dungeon

### How to
- `npm run build`
- `npm run start`
- navigate to `localhost:8080`

Current default controls are WASD + Arrow keys.
Press Space to raise the camera.
Press Left Shift to lower the camera.
Use the mouse to look around in the environment.
The arrow keys can be used to look around in place of the mouse.

### What is this I just found it here
- I am [VERY SLOWLY] working on a 3D dungeon crawler that uses WebGL to draw simple mazes where you battle monsters and stuff.

- I started working on this in early November 2016 while I was on vacation and I knew I wanted to port my dungeon crawler code from C++ / DirectX over to webGL because javascript is pretty cool and the web is a pretty interesting platform. I tend to pick this up every couple of months when I think it could use some new features or cleaning up. It should be suitable for a very barebones webGL demo.

As of Jan 2025 this project is finally further along in JS than it ever was in C++, C#, etc. Yay!

## Codebase
- Javascript, using the latest LTS version as of Jan 2025
- Webpack is used to build
- WebGL works in newer and decent modern browsers like chrome and firefox. Edge maybe in the future.
- I started using the example [here](http://www.sw-engineering-candies.com/snippets/webgl/hello-world) but there was a ton I needed to change to even get started. Maybe I'll just fork off my code once the tutorial is completely redone, so that people can use it to start, but I think giving the project as a whole might end up being a bit more useful :P
- This started out really crappy but is getting better.


## Disclaimer??
- I don't know, this code is stuff I wrote and at this point there's nothing to really steal, copy, etc.
- Use at your own risk. Whatever, there's nothing here yet.
